Israeli raids have not stopped attacking
Gaza City since the morning war jets
have targeted a family home at the
center of Gaza City killing 15 people
these dead bodies were retrieved moments
ago from under the rubble of this house
what we're seeing is that the majority
killed here are women and children and
this was a direct targeting by Israeli
war jets on a house of several stories
as we can see these dead bodies on the
ground have just been recovered from
under the rubble a number of people
remain missing under the rubble as
medical staff and civil defense crews
could not reach this place this house is
owned by the mcbill family it has been
completely destroyed by Israeli fighter
jets this is my brother's house
unfortunately women children and the
neighbors were struck here they were
peaceful people sleeping after having
their last meal before fasting suddenly
we were taken unaware by what happened
despite all this we say praise be to God
due to the lack of resources there
remains a number of killed people under
the rubble whom we are unable to bring
out the relentless bombardment on Gaza
City by Israeli war jets has now
targeted this family home killing most
of its residents while trapping others
under the
rubble make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer